h1. @atb_twitter@ Help

h2. Display Twitter feeds on your website

h3. Contents

* "Overview":#atb_tw_overview
* "Tags":#atb_tw_tags
* "Example":#atb_tw_example
* "To-Do":#atb_tw_todo

h3(#atb_tw_overview). Overview

@atb_twitter@ pulls user update feeds from Twitter or from StatusNet-based microblogging sites like identi.ca and displays them using a Textpattern form.

h3(#atb_tw_tags). Tags

h4. @txp:atb_twitter@

@txp:atb_twitter@ is the primary tag for this plugin, and acts as either a container or single tag. It takes the following attributes:

* *user:* _(Required)_ The screen name of the Twitter account to read from.
* *count:* _(Optional; defaults to '5')_ The number of recent statuses to pull.
* *cache:* _(Optional; defaults to '15')_ The maximum time, in minutes, to continue using cached results.
* *form:* _(Optional)_ The form to use to display statuses; required if @atb_twitter@ is not used as a container tag.
* *api_base:* _(Optional)_ The root URL of the microblogging site's API. Defaults to 'twitter.com'
* *site_base:* _(Optional)_ The base URL of the site to use when generating links. By default, @atb_twitter@ will attempt to guess this from the @api_base@; you shouldn't need to set this normally.
* *update_lastmod:* _(Optional)_ If set to "1" (the default), atb_twitter will update Textpattern's last update time with the time of the most recent Tweet (analogous to setting "New comment means site updated?" to yes in your site preferences).

h4. Tags for twitter forms:

Only a few of these tags take any attributes:

* *atb_tw_text* returns the tweet's text. If the @linkify@ attribute is left at 1 (its default), URLs, hashtags, and @replies will be converted to links and given CSS classes: all links are given the class "atb_status_link"; converted URLs additionally take the class "atb_status_weblink"; @replies get "atb_status_atreply" as well as a customized class based on the username mentioned, like "atb_status_atreply_to_[username]"; hashtags get "atb_status_hashtag" and another class based on the hashtag itself, like "atb_hashtag_[tag]". This tag takes the following attributes, all optional:
** *linkify:* With @linkify@ set to 1 (the default), URLs, at-replies and hashtags are converted to links; with @linkify@ set to 0, the text will be left alone. The remaining attributes will be ignored if @linkify@ is set to 0.
** *link_wrap:* The name of a tag to wrap around URLS that have been converted to links.
** *link_wrapclass:* The class of the URL wraptags.
** *atreply_wrap:* The name of a tag to wrap around @reply links.
** *atreply_wrapclass:* The class for @reply wraptags.
** *hashtag_wrap:* The name of a tag to wrap around hashtag links.
** *hashtag_wrapclass:* The class for hashtag wraptags.
* *atb_tw_created_at* returns the date of the tweet. It takes two attributes: @format@, which may be any value accepted by "txp:posted":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=posted and defaults to the "Archive date format" as set in Textpattern's preferences; and @tz@, which determines if the time used is the local time (as determined by Textpattern's timezone--this is the default setting), GMT (set @tz@ to "1"), or the time zone Twitter reports for the user (set @tz@ to "2").
* *atb_tw_user_created_at* returns the date the Twitter account being read was created. It takes the same attributes as @atb_tw_created_at@.

There are three conditional tags:

* *atb_tw_if_is_reply*
* *atb_tw_if_first_tweet*
* *atb_tw_if_last_tweet*

The remaining tags accept no attributes and simply return text. These four return information about the current tweet/status:

* *atb_tw_id:* Returns the current status's id.
* *atb_tw_in_reply_to_status_id*
* *atb_tw_in_reply_to_user_id*
* *atb_tw_in_reply_to_screen_name*
* *atb_tw_source:* names and links to the program used to post the current status.

These tags return information about the user:

* *atb_tw_user_description:* The user's profile
        description
* *atb_tw_user_favourites_count*
* *atb_tw_user_followers_count*
* *atb_tw_user_friends_count*
* *atb_tw_user_id:* a numeric user ID.
* *atb_tw_user_lang*
* *atb_tw_user_location*
* *atb_tw_user_name:* The user's name as entered in his/her profile.
* *atb_tw_user_profile_image_url*
* *atb_tw_user_screen_name*
* *atb_tw_user_statuses_count*
* *atb_tw_user_url:* The website URL provided in the user's profile.

h3(#atb_tw_example). Example

This is just a basic form that displays my most recent 20 statuses:

bc.. <txp:atb_twitter count="20" user="daydreamlab">

<txp:atb_tw_if_first_tweet>
<h2><a href="http://twitter.com/<txp:atb_tw_user_screen_name />">@daydreamlab on Twitter</a></h2>
<ul>
</txp:atb_tw_if_first_tweet>

<li>
<span class="tweetdate"><txp:atb_tw_created_at />:</span> 
<br /><txp:atb_tw_text />

<txp:atb_tw_if_is_reply>
<br />
<a class="inreply" href="http://twitter.com/<txp:atb_tw_in_reply_to_screen_name />/status/<txp:atb_tw_in_reply_to_status_id />">
in reply to <txp:atb_tw_in_reply_to_screen_name />
</a>
</txp:atb_tw_if_is_reply>
</li>

<txp:atb_tw_if_last_tweet>
</ul>
</txp:atb_tw_if_last_tweet>

</txp:atb_twitter>